Add Nginx Proxy issue to docs (#26)
ajnart/homarr-docs: docs/community/known-issues.md

### Resolution
For the time being, restart your docker container after adding / making any changes to your icons.

> ## 🚨 403 status on most of applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🚨 Nginx Reverse Proxy may block Homarr's requests to several apps
```

> If you are using [Nginx Proxy Manager](https://nginxproxymanager.com) for opening Homarr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Nginx Proxy Manager](https://nginxproxymanager.com), some features like Torrent download clients or pings, may not work.
```

Author: I think need to be more specific about opening Homarr instance through proxy.
Its ok if we write like this?

```suggestion
If you are using [Nginx Proxy Manager](https://nginxproxymanager.com) to open Homarr instance, some features like Torrent download clients or pings, may not work.
```
